Add isDeterministicId to LayerFeature (#79)
felt/js-sdk: docs/Layers/LayerFeature.md

***

## isDeterministicId

> **isDeterministicId**: `boolean`

Whether the id is deterministic.

### Remarks

If the id is deterministic, it means that the id can be used to reference the feature
in the layer and therefore in all the SDK feature-related methods.

When the id is not deterministic, the feature cannot be referenced on SDK methods like [FeltController.getFeature](LayersController.md#getfeature)
or [SelectionController.selectFeature](../Selection/SelectionController.md#selectfeature).

> For layers created using Felt, the id is deterministic because Felt ensures every feature is correctly referenciable on vector tiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For layers created and processed on Felt servers, the feature IDs are deterministic because Felt ensures every feature is correctly identified in vector tiles.
```

Author: sry, my english no good
